SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT


v.1 29 September 2022


This Software License Agreement (the “License”) is a legally binding
agreement between Sceyt LLC having a registered business address at
Gai ave 26, 34, Yerevan, Armenia (“Sceyt”), the owner of the software
development kit “SceytChat”, the related software and services
(collectively, the “Licensed Content”) and an 
individual user or a single entity accessing the Licensed Content (the 
“Licensee”) (each individually a “Party” and collectively, the “Parties”).


1. Acceptance of the License.

1.1 By installing, accessing or otherwise using the Licensed Content,
the Licensee confirms that the Licensee has read the License, accepts
the terms of the License, and agrees to become legally bound by the License. 

1.2 The Licensed Content is not marketed and should not be used by
persons under the age of 18. If the Licensee is entering into the
License on behalf of a legal entity, the Licensee represents that 
the Licensee has the authority and the necessary capacity to bind such
entity and its affiliates to the terms of the License.


2. Grant of Rights

2.1. Sceyt hereby grants the Licensee a commercial, worldwide, non-
transferable, non-assignable, non-exclusive, royalty free, and
revocable license to use the Licensed Content for the sole purpose of
creating software applications designed to operate with the Licensed
Content, in accordance with the terms of this License.

2.2. The Licensed Content is licensed and not sold. The Licensee
obtains the right to use the Licensed Content and not the ownership of
the Licensed Content.

2.3. The Licensed Content is licensed as a single product. Its 
component parts may not be used separately.

2.4. Sceyt reserves any rights not expressly granted to the Licensee
under this License.

2.5. The Licensee is allowed to make a reasonable number of copies of 
the Licensed Content, as necessary for the purposes set forth herein,
provided that only complete copies of the Licensed Content are made, 
including without limitation all ‘read me’ files, copyright notices, 
and other legal notices and terms included in the Licensed Content.

2.6. The Licensee is permitted to load and run the Licensed Content on 
any device, network or cloud virtual machines under Licensee’s control 
(collectively, the “Devices”), if such Devices are compatible with the 
Licensed Content. The Licensee is solely responsible for assessing the 
compatibility of the Devices and ensuring that the Devices meet the 
minimum requirements for the use of the Licensed Content as set forth 
in the documentation provided by Sceyt.


3. Covered Licensed Content and Services

3.1. The License applies only to the Licensed Content as provided to 
the Licensee by Sceyt. The License also applies to updates, 
supplements, Internet-based services, and support services related to 
the Licensed Content, or any other services provided in relation to 
the Licensed Content, unless other terms and conditions have been 
provided thereto.

3.2. If the Licensee registers for a free trial of the Licensed 
Content (subject to availability) or the Licensed Content is provided 
free of charge, this License will also govern Licensee’s use of the 
free trial of the Licensed Content or the Licensed Content provided 
free of charge.

3.3. Any Licensed Content or services that are not provided by Sceyt 
are not covered by this License. Such Licensed Content and services 
are subject to the terms and conditions set by the respective third 
party and the Licensee is solely responsible for obtaining, agreeing 
to, and complying with the respective terms and conditions at its own 
cost and expense.

3.4. Sceyt reserves the right, but is not under any obligation, to 
provide paid or free-of-charge updates and technical support services 
with regard to the Licensed Content, including fixing bugs and errors, 
and the possibility to use new versions of the Licensed Content.


4. Intellectual Property and Ownership

4.1. All title and copyright in and to the Licensed Content 
(including, but not limited to, any source code, images, graphics, 
photographs, animations, video, audio, music, text, and applets, 
incorporated in the Licensed Content) and any copies of the Licensed 
Content are owned by Sceyt. The Licensed Content is protected by 
Armenian copyright laws and international treaties. Sceyt shall at all 
times retain the ownership of the Licensed Content.

4.2. The Licensee is not permitted to, without obtaining prior written 
authorisation from Sceyt, to use the trade names, trademarks, service 
marks or product names of Sceyt, except as required for reasonable and 
customary use of the Licensed Content.

4.3. By creating the Applications or uploading any content through the 
Licensed Content, the Licensee grants Sceyt unrestricted, sub-
licensable, royalty-free, perpetual, and irrevocable rights to store, 
use and reproduce the said content for the purposes of providing the 
Licensee with the Licensed Content and other requested products, 
services, or information.


5. Acceptable Use Policy

5.1. When using the Licensed Content, the Licensee is required to 
follow the acceptable use policy outlined in this Section 5.

5.2. The Licensee is not permitted to: breach any terms of the License 
or applicable local, state, national and foreign laws, treaties, and 
regulations; not to comply with the technical limitations of the 
Licensed Content; make more copies of the Licensed Content than 
necessary for necessary for the purposes set forth herein; publish the 
Licensed Content for others to copy; edit, alter, modify, adapt, 
translate or otherwise change the whole or any part of the Licensed 
Content, nor decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer the Licensed 
Content or attempt to do so; reproduce, copy, distribute, resell, 
license, sublicense, loan, rent, or otherwise use the Licensed Content 
for any purpose other than permitted under this License; remove any 
copyright or other proprietary notices and legends; use the Licensed 
Content to develop and produce products and technologies competing 
with the Licensed Content or other services provided by Sceyt; and 
interfere with or abuse other licensees of the Licensed Content.


6. Limitation of Liability and Disclaimer of Warranties

6.1. To the extent permitted by the applicable law, Sceyt expressly 
disclaims all warranties, express or implied, for the Licensed 
Content. Sceyt provides the Licensed Content on an “AS IS” BASIS, 
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or 
implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions 
of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The entire risk arising out of use or performance 
of the Licensed Content remains with the Licensee.

6.2. In no event shall Sceyt be liable for any damages whatsoever 
(including, without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, 
business interruption, loss of business information, or any other 
pecuniary loss) arising out of the use of or inability to use the 
Licensed Content, even if Sceyt has been advised of the possibility of 
such damages.

6.3. The Licensee is solely responsible for determining the 
appropriateness of the Licensed Content and assumes any risks 
associated with Licensee’s exercise of permissions under the License.

6.4. To the maximum extent permitted by law, Sceyt excludes any 
liability for any loss or damage resulting from the acts and omissions 
of such third-party service providers.


7. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution

7.1. This License and any disputes arising out of or in connection 
with the License and the Licensed Content shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the laws of Armenia. Unless otherwise 
provided by the applicable law, all disputes arising out of or in 
connection with the License shall be submitted to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the courts in Yerevan, Armenia.


8. Final Provisions

8.1. Availability. The availability of the Licensed Content may be 
affected by factors, which Sceyt cannot reasonably control, such as 
bandwidth problems, equipment failure, acts and omissionsof our third-
party service providers, or force majeure events. Sceyt takes no 
responsibility for the unavailability of the Licensed Content caused 
by such factors.

8.2. Indemnification. The Licensee shall indemnify Sceyt at Licensee’s 
expense if any claims are asserted by a third party against Sceyt by 
reason of Licensee’s misconduct or breach of any terms of the License.

8.3. Severability. The unenforceability of any single provision of 
this License shall not affect any other provision hereof.

8.4. Waiver. A failure of either Party to enforce strictly a provision 
of this License shall in no event be considered a waiver of any part 
of such provision. No waiver by either Party of any breach or default 
by the other party shall operate as a waiver of any succeeding breach 
or other default or breach by such other Party.

8.5. Term and termination. The License shall commence upon Licensee’s 
access to the Licensed Content and continue until terminated by Sceyt. 
Upon termination of the License, the Licensee agrees to (i) stop all 
access and use of the Licensed Content and (ii) destroy all copies of 
the Licensed Content and all its component parts stored on the 
Devices. The provisions of the License that, by their nature, continue 
and survive will survive any termination of the License.

8.6. Amendments. Sceyt reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to 
change or modify this License at any time by sending a prior 
notification to the Licensee (if the contact details of the Licensee 
are available to Sceyt).

8.7. Entire agreement. This License constitutes the entire 
understanding between the Parties with respect to the subject matter 
thereof and supersedes all prior agreements, negotiations and 
discussions between the Parties relating thereto.

8.8. Contact. Sceyt can be contacted by email at legal@sceyt.com or 
mail at Sceyt LLC, Gai ave 26, 34, Yerevan, Armenia.


9. Third-party license notices

9.1. Any content that is not provided by Sceyt is not covered by this 
License. Such content is  subject to the terms and conditions set by 
the respective third party and the Licensee is solely responsible for 
obtaining, agreeing to, and complying with the respective terms and 
conditions at its own cost and expense.

9.2. Sceyt has made all efforts possible to avoid the Licensed Content 
being subject to the rights of third parties, in particular that its 
use does not infringe patents, copyrights or other intellectual 
property rights of third parties. However, Sceyt does not guarantee 
that the Licensed Content is not subject to the rights of third 
parties.

9.3. The Licensed Content was created by using the following software 
(in part or in full), which remains subject to the below-specified 
licenses:

9.3.i. jsoncpp. Copyright © 2007-2010 Baptiste Lepilleur and The
JsonCpp Authors. curl. Copyright © 2010-2013 Brian Cavalier and John
Hann.libwebsockets. Copyright © 1995, 1996, 1997, and 1998. All
licensed under the MIT License. Permission is hereby granted, free of 
charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated 
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without 
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, 
modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of 
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished 
to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright 
notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or 
substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS 
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT 
NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS 
OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,ARISING 
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER 
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

9.3.ii. openssl. Licensed under the Apache License 2.0. Some of the 
files have been changed. https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

9.3.iii. protobuf. Copyright 2008 Google Inc. All rights reserved. 
Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its contributors may 
be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software 
without specific prior written permission. Redistribution and use in 
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted 
provided that the following conditions are met: *Redistributions of 
source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of 
conditions and the following disclaimer. *Redistributions in binary 
form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of 
conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or 
other materials provided with the distribution. *Neither the name of 
Google Inc. nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse 
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior 
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS 
AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, 
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR 
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL 
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE 
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF 
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.